doc/dev: Structural changes to Life of a repository for readability (#22155)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/architecture/life-of-a-repository.md

## Services

> `repo-updater` is a singleton service. It is responsible for the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`repo-updater` is a singleton service. It is responsible for:
```

* Communicating with code host APIs to coordinate the state we synchronize from them.
* Maintaining the `repo` table which other services read.
* Scheduling clones/fetches on `gitserver`.
* Anything which communicates with a code host API.

> Our batch changes and background permissions syncers also live in `repo-updater` as they require communication with code host APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our batch changes and background permissions syncers are also located in `repo-updater` as they require communication with code host APIs.
```

Reviewer: This one I could go either way on. "Live in" is an idiom that's better avoided, but it's also consistently used by developers... your call!

- [`updateQueue`](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@v3.14.0/-/blob/cmd/repo-updater/repos/scheduler.go#L392:6) is a priority queue of repositories to clone/fetch on `gitserver`.
- [`schedule`](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@v3.14.0/-/blob/cmd/repo-updater/repos/scheduler.go#L567:6) which places repositories onto the `updateQueue` when it thinks it should be updated. This is what paces out updates for a repository. It contains heuristics such that recently updated repositories are more frequently checked.

> Repositories can also be placed onto the `updateQueue` if we receive a webhook indicating the repository has changed. (By default we don't setup webhooks when integrating into a code host.) When a user directly visits a repository on Sourcegraph we also enqueue it for update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repositories can also be placed onto the `updateQueue` if we receive a webhook indicating the repository has changed. (By default, we don't set up webhooks when integrating into a code host.) When a user directly visits a repository on Sourcegraph, we also enqueue it for update.
```
